hello friends and welcome so
Another murder demonstration this time
with the new holland d60 30
There is a lot to see and some
which she nice to understand 100
or actually only need
Do not be so tragic now
only included in the package is not
just this beautiful day for the
seniors c 16 30 nance and then too
this frontal essay quick 55 with
he logically the shovel and
can attach natural pliers
where they honestly say even more
must is the following namely I think that
pretty cool from the features
because he has little that is natural for
me to friends 7 edgar friend of
great features window on window
First of all, it's important to me
that she controls very well that the victory
he is otherwise just another us
works that is extremely important to me
and i need handbrake needs
somehow could not press any buttons
mister looks where it looks neat
that cool
one has not, unfortunately, miss the
anyway katar where they only somehow
read how fast you drive one has
the optically super looks beautiful tractor
where since these errors have discovered the
fixed now is okay so the light
turn off at least front back
the light does not seem to work
So with the key 5 and 6 on the
my job seems to be broken
Well, yes, that's right, he himself
Try out 117 best piece and good ones
we'll start with a full one
laden trailer or almost follow
fully loaded trailer witcher good and
marcus care for 117 ps scepter quite well
and pretty good out there
nothing to complain about the test as he was in the
curve drives confirmed that I am one
old professional must say honest but me
finds the really great movie so he
already makes fun So I find the still
really fun so looks good there
nothing is nothing too much as too little and
this work light also advertised for space
five and six button pressed maybe
Bank works how can you do it
really only really recommend it once
whimpering already the distant that is
must be positive in any case ever
you say that because I'm not a manager
Answer this brand the right way
like to have so in front of the army invite you
behind a recommendation from me and up
to the next videos